Mother had the opposite thing of being miserable because she was treated now gathered from
Flora as a skivvy and she had to use, I now gather, the outside loo even though there
were inside, it's a huge house, inside loos which she cleaned, people didn't speak to
her, she had to eat in the kitchen on her own apparently, etc. and no one conversed
with her if that's the right phrase. And so in one sense apparently she was quite happy
when the regulation came out, you're too close to Liverpool and this military target and
sensitive area, go. So both Bertil and Fanny and my father, they still didn't know each
other, were all sent to Hlangollen where they then met up. My mother got a job at the Hand
as a chambermaid. She buckled down to it, it's as simple as that and from what I gathered
it, you know, whatever was needed even though she was certainly, most certainly not used
to it. So how efficient she was, I do not know because she was certainly not used to
that sort of work doing it at all.